Amitabha practice is a very special practice that Buddha Shakyamuni taught in the suttara, very
much, Buddha said, it's so important, so special.
Why it's so important for the duality beings? Because to connect to Amitabha is so easy, that's
what Buddha said.
Buddha Shakyamuni, his own world, his own voice, from his love and kind, compassion and wisdom, he
said, Buddha, connect to the Buddha Amitabha is so easy, so simple.
And also, to be born in that pure land is so easy, so simple, because that is the promise and
commitment of the Buddha Amitabha Himself.
Other pure lands, such as the five dialects of Buddha's pure land, for example, pure land of the
Vedic Sato, pure land of the Akkubiya, all the Ranasambha, and the Amogha Siddha, and the Veda Jan
as are very difficult to connect rebirth in those pure lands,
because you have to have, or those individuals like to rebirth there, have to have realizations,
high realizations, quite good high realizations.
That's what we take, rebirth in this pure land.
But Amitabha pure land is because of the promise and commitment of the Buddha Amitabha.
Tabha is easy to get. Buddha Amitabha had the special commitment when he was born in Sato, and the
teaching said, or Buddha Shakyamuni said, told that he made the commitment,
when I get enlightenment, in my pure land will be the pure land of everyone who are deluded, who
are heavily obscured.
But as long as they have the intention, joy and the thought to take rebirth or born in my pure land
, may they all be born in that pure land.
If such things have not happened, may I not become Buddha. That's what the Buddha Amitabha made,
the commitment.
As he made the commitment and he created enlightenment, therefore his pure land is very open, very
free.
If you are the beings, can take rebirth in pure land. And then all the high realization beings also
try to rebirth in pure lands, in the pure land of the Buddha Amitabha.
Therefore, pure land of the Buddha Amitabha is so simple, easy, and very direct.
And then the teaching said, when you reach the rebirth in pure land of Amitabha, there is no names
of sufferings, difficulties, troubles, challenges that we go through in these lives.
For that reason, great Master Karma Chambi said one of his teachings,
"In this world, there is a life applied to go through, death, getting old, sickness, and birth."
He used the example as Rosary, when we read the Malabhi, it just goes on and on and on.
And for that reason, he said, better to take the rebirth in the pure land of the Buddha Amitabha,
where there is, if we don't have to go that transition again and again, we can stay a long time,
that's known as pure land of the Buddha Amitabha,
is pure land of the longevity, longevity pure land. Stay a long time in that pure land.
And during that long time, we are staying in the youth force, not getting old, not sicknesses, and
then even we don't feel the death of that change for long times.
No sicknesses, no getting orders, no sufferings, no difficulties, no troubles, no chaestics.
Therefore, this pure land is even named as land of blissfulness, land of great comfort, great happy
.
With that pure land, we take birth, it's not that we are spending time wasting time. In the
teachings said, in that pure land, everyone is so alert, so mindfulness, so concentrated, so
thoughtful,
never going to waste it. Careful, like disgustingly or with carefully, always cultivating the bodh
icata, love, kindness, compassion.
As much as you could develop the compassion of love and kindness, bodhicata, that much immense of
the joy, happy in peace and comfort is bursting, is glowing, is shining in the teachings said.
That is what the pure land of the Buddha Amitabha is. It's so easy, so simple, and there we can
advance all the bhumis, all the five parts, we can advance one after another, one after another,
one after another.
Supports there, meditation there, inspiration there, joy and devotion there, everything is there.
That's what we need to develop bodhicata.
And not just only that, because of your development, achievement, then you are not also restricted
in that pure land all the time.
As you developed in the teachings said, again, Gary, the master, Garamacham, he said, you can
travel, you are free traveling, every pure land, every world, even can come back to this world.
He said, in the time of the old Buddha's 1000 Buddha to come, or like 996 Buddha to come, you will
come in and receive the teachings, inspire all those devotees in that time and go back to the pure
land of the Buddha Amitabha.
It's so easy, so beautiful, and traveling, and pure land of the Buddha, among us, pure land of the
Rana sambhava, pure land of the Aktobhi, Vyasatva, all other pure lands that you can travel, go and
come back.
That's what the pure land of the Buddha Amitabha is. So therefore, every teaching of the practice
lineage contains this teaching of the part known as pure practices or Amitabha practices. Easy and
simple.
And therefore, this practice can't be like, well, we made it at the practice, and we can remember
the Buddha Amitabha, and we think that, and pray for that. It's good, it's part of our practices.
And to tell you the birth of the pure land of the Buddha Amitabha, in the teachings said, there is
only four things we need.
One, this is the principle, cause and conditions to be built in the pure land.
And first is, thinking of the Buddha Amitabha in the pure land, again in the pure land of the
devotee, in the pure land of the Buddha Amitabha, again and again, again and again, every contain,
even during the day times, once in a while, or two times, three times, or once in a while, that is
post.
First, the second is, then two good deeds, that is part of our practice, it's not any extra
practices, two good deeds, good meritorly practices, accumulation meritorly practices, versatile
meritorly practices, then our practice, key practices, it's not something that I'm going to go
there again, I'm not going to practice, I'm waiting for my retirement, this is not like that, I'm
not going to wait.
Key practice, this is what we started already, so we're not going to start devotee when, in the, in
the, after a hundred years or fifty years, we started devotee right here, right now, key practice,
key practice, do accumulate the merits, merits, that is second cause, principle cause of taking
devotees.
Third cause is again the same thing, nothing different, both each other, increasing both each other
, kinds of comparing thought, you know, we talk about that, all the time, it is not just we talk
that, that is essential teaching of the Buddha Shaktamuni.
From the Hinayana teaching, all the way to the Dokki teaching, both each other, kindness,
compassion, love, complete and poor bones thought, and both each other means not just self-centered
attitude, opening our heart and mind to all the beings, beings.
We can, everyone be born to the purely other, amita, amita, we can, no one has suffered anything,
no one unwanted things happen to anyone, everything comes with so joy, peaceful, happy, really the
poor boneless attitude, bring up that attitude, that is known as both each other, that is third
cause, cause.
Third cause is to take rebirth in the devotees, so that is our practice, nothing, any unusual, and
the fourth one is dedicate the merits, that is also same thing, nothing, but if you can dedicate,
that is slowly change.
I dedicated this merit to take my rebirth in the pure and the devotee and as well as rebirth of
every living beings to take birth in the devotee, that they are redirected, that dedication is
slightly different.
Otherwise, dedicate in the merit, same way, for the enlightenment, for the removal, suffering,
sadness, all the sentient beings.
With that, those are known as false principles, cause, all the conditions that will take rebirth in
the devotees.
The fourth one is thinking of the Buddha Amitabha, amitabhas, again and again, every you can say,
every day, all once in the daytime, all once in the evening time.
The Buddha Shakyamuni says, also teaching, Amitabha Suttar said, Ananda, Ananda was one of the
principle audience when Buddha Shakyamuni gave the Amitabha Suttar teachings.
Ananda, look to the western direction and hold the flowers and throw that, throw to the Buddha Amit
abha, Ananda, that will be caused to take the rebirth in the pure land of the Buddha Amitabha.
That's what the Ah, Buddha Shakyamuni said, said to Ananda, look to the facing to the direction,
western directions, directions, and throw the flowers, thinking of the Buddha Amitabha Suttar.
That is what take the Buddha, that's it. So, simple things, I mean, I think that, but these simple
things, it looks so simple, but this is the body of action, intention.
Intention, motivation, time, right moment, right way, the impact is so strong, so deep, so
beautiful.
And that we can do for all the beings, those who pass away, pass away, we can do these practices.
Those who are going to come future, and those who are here, we do these practices.
We act as a representative of everyone to the goodness things, and we heal good things for all
needs.
That is our practice, not just the practice of the during, or practice of the Buddha Amitabha, that
is our practice, that is meditate.
That is also not just practice because something, but this is our heart. That is genuinely,
genuinely it is.
You see, the Buddha nature, that spark, that shining, each time when we do that, we are glorifying
our, you see, we are making that appearance perfect, everything beautiful.
We are polishing, we are glorifying that. We are touching to our core of the inner heart, the
nature, our own beings.
It is not just an extra we are doing, we are glorifying that nature, and that means when we glorify
that nature, what is going out?
Immediately we are cleansing, removing, transforming the unwanted, the happy dependence, negat
ivities, grasping, dualities.
That makes it difficult to me, that makes it difficult to everyone, that is removing.
An increase that makes happy me, that makes happy everyone, that is increasing, that is developing.
So therefore, it is wonderful, it is so beautiful, that is what we do.
And the Buddha Amitabha is so simple. Again, there is nothing public city thinks.
The same as the Buddha Amitabha is that, actually, except the color is different, that color is
what you can say.
And then feel the whole presence of the enlightenment.
The Buddha Amitabha is sovereign with all the Buddhas, and Bodhisattvas, and Bodhisattvas, and Ar
amas, everyone is there, everyone.
And then for example, you know, great masters, Bhutal, Vritti, Puyalland, Rinaland, Nagarjuna.
Nagarjuna last his statement, what he said, "I will go to the Puyalland and Devaji, but afterward I
will come back here."
He said, "I will go now in Devaji, I will come back."
Nagarjuna also is there, and then many great thetans, many great masters, and one after another,
and then the other one again, great master, Karma Changi, also said, "I will go to Puyalland."
And many of those great masters also in there, and many of our practitioners are so devoted to that
.
And then also I saw that, I read, long time ago, I read that short life story of the famous Chinese
master, Hunsang.
Hunsang is so famous, and he wrote such a so beautiful guide books that nobody really did like him.
He wrote so thoroughly, so mega, so mathematical, and he wrote every time he was travelling from
that, I think, seventh century.
He was travelling from China, and all the way from the Silk Road, and all the way from India,
and he stayed, I think, twelve years or ten years or something.
Then he took the same route, he went back to China, and he wrote such a big lot of books of the
Buddha teaching.
He brought back, and then he translated.
I heard he was one of the great masters, the translators in the Chinese Buddhism.
There are so many books and film books.
I read his life story, last time he was nearly, he's leaving his body, he began to tell,
that he's smiling, smiling fast, how many lotals are falling in his pattern,
how Amitabha is appearing to his one. That's what he said.
He's laughing, smiling, and the Lord was welcome.
That in the teaching, he said to the Buddha, "Buddha Shaktamun is teaching on Amitabha Sutras."
We're devoted to those things, and the Buddha will come as support and usher us to the prior land.
Well, we are not going to see all the part of the experience have to go through all that.
There will be Buddha, "Buddha Shaktamun will usher", sorry, Amitabha, Amitabha, too.
"Buddha Amitabha will usher those individuals joyfully living in the prior land of the Buddha Amit
abha."
That's what he said. So that is what is about "Buddha Amitabha."
And then we have very beautiful prayers of the Buddha Amitabha.
There's a long one, a long one which is composed by the Great Master Karma Chami.
Karma Chami's words are not just a word of duality, a word of the ego-clean and grasping.
His words are the vegetable. It's so powerful, so simple, so powerful in effort.
That practice, long prayer of the Buddha Amitabha of the Karma Chami is so popular.
Both new mind and Akkadu schools, everyone practice, whether you lay a person,
whether you are fully old-end one, or the novice man, or great master, great scholar,
no matter who you are, so many of those pastors practice, so many practices become so popular.
For example also, Padra Ramadhi also practices that Amitabha prayers.
And he went village to village in the teaching, all the life stories.
Padra Ramadhi went village to village and gathering all the villagers
and having the practice of the Amitabha for seven days on one wing,
and stopping the chopping, hunting, butchering, and everything.
And then how everybody should stay. Nonviolence, peaceful, and practice of the Amitabha.
He really did, he's so famous then. And then as well as all those great masters.
Even now, for example, in India to be, I hear so popular practicing,
by his son Kimbun, Yungun Punso, his foremost, and one of the disciples,
known as Kimbun, Tsutang Lodu. And their students, it's become so popular.
Everywhere they practice, the long practice of the Karma Chamas once that.
So it's very famous. But also short ones.
For example, for those who would like to practice, it's here that we join.
In the Bhaiji 7-2, Bhaiji 7-2, this is very famous.
This is Namchim Madhya Dhulji, this is Therma.
But also, Raga Aksi, bless it. Raga Aksi is teaching.
So therefore it is like teaching of the both Namchim Madhya Dhulji and Raga Aksi.
And Namchim Madhya Dhulji said, Amitabha taught him this.
Amitabha spoke that to him in the teaching.
He said, "This Yung, great dead man."
Amitabha spoke in a person that is hidden in his vision.
Amitabha, Kelezi and Vaidya Pani and all, they became and said this, said this.
So as he talked about it, as he said that to Raga Aksi,
Raga Aksi starts to graduate. Raga Aksi or Karma Chami, which is the name of also Karma Chami.
Karma Chami always he mention, said that he is the minister of the great dead.
Raga Aksi said to him. So you see, he is both his teachings.
This is very famous. And the long one, if you like to have practices there,
and also I can offer that too. I have quite a few copies.
If you like to practice, it is a little long, but I offer that too.
If you like to practice, I have very good copies of that.
And that I will say, if you practice once in a while, if you can.
If you can practice every day, of course, great.
But once in a while, once in a week, or once in a month, or once in a year,
and if you can practice, I will keep that.
I will offer you. See, I have copies, quite a few copies of that.
But anyway, practice of the Buddha Amitabha, that's what it is important.
And now, when you practice of the Buddha Amitabha, particularly here,
in the short window practice, know what we have, what we have.
I pray to the Buddha Amitabha in Salafon.
May I actualize the transferring techniques.
That's what the teaching says. So it is practicing on the Buddha Amitabha.
To do the transferring technique, his only journey himself said,
it is not that we have to put exactly the poor practices,
but you make that connection.
You make that passage to take the rebirth and build and build.
With this almost similar style, similar techniques of the poor practices.
The poor practices, as you all know, I think many of you, most everyone knows,
the poor means transferring, transferring.
What we are transferring? We are transferring the consciousness.
What that consciousness is, same consciousness is
concepted in a mother's womb of between two elements.
That consciousness, that consciousness, we are transferring.
That consciousness, that consciousness is a mother's time,
is concepted with, when we are concepted, time is
concepted with two elements of the parentess,
but where that principally resides in that.
That principally resides in the heart center.
Heart center, that consumption is what is.
That consumption is absolute level.
That is nuxi, this nuxi what we are talking.
That is what we are really transferring.
And why don't we call nuxi?
Because even though it has nuxi,
but it is called with duality mind.
So, we are transferring the duality mind of nuxi with duality mind.
Duality mind, that, to the devotee, the pure devotees.
When you visualize, do the transferring techniques,
of course many of you know already this,
and there is beautiful teaching practice,
the Kintiramudu Veda, and I had the great opportunity
to join with him, and that also, recently,
Tapu and Amandade added in that beautiful dance.
So, there is already that.
But however, again, this is how we go.
We should train by three intentions.
Three intentions.
That is simple.
And therefore, the first intention is the destinations.
Where are we going?
Destination is building of the Buddha Amitabha
and heart of the Buddha Amitabha.
That is our destination, that we are going there.
That means, I'm going to ask, are my consciousness going there?
And how are we going?
That is, then, the central channel as passage.
Central channel is like, as, what's called, like rocket.
Rocket passage, that's what it's called.
When the special channel just goes up,
something drops.
What's that?
What?
Peaceful light.
The first light is central channel.
Central channel is first light, or passage.
That is passage.
And what is the trouble?
Is the consciousness already set?
Trouble is consciousness.
Who is going to space?
Space shuttle challenge.
Space shuttle challenge is our consciousness of with the nuxi,
of nuxi with the conception.
Because there's no other choice.
We have to have nuxi.
That's grasping.
If we have fully revered nuxi, even we don't need to do this.
But since we have this, we are covered with it, with duality.
But nuxi is heading with duality.
That space shuttle challenge of the nuxi with duality
is heading to the space of the Buddha Amitabha
and the field land of Buddha Amitabha.
Once you go there, what are you going to do?
You're going to orbit in the field land.
That is now.
And see all the beautiful galaxies.
Sun, and the moon, stars, stars, and also Earth.
It's not something that you're going.
You are.
Change the position.
Change you.
And we will do continually the same thing
as we've been doing this time.
We're already in duality among the four.
Four that cause of duality, rebirth and duality.
Among the four, we don't have a thing now to take birth
in the field land.
They were thinking that again.
You already did.
But what we will take to other base to make.
And then you do the meditually activity,
both the other activity, then again in practice.
All we need.
That we keep.
Continue the same thing.
Same way we keep that.
That, with that attitude.
We need to come to this.
This in the teaching said, I mean, you read that.
But that's what you said.
And we're realizing,
Buddha Amitabha right above our head.
Head right in the sky.
Sky and with the stone.
Devote in stone and tension.
You know Amitabha is in volume the all.
The Buddha is every in like beings.
Come in one single status
and pray to him strongly.
And then when time comes,
when time comes,
I'm going to, going to Buddha Amitabha.
That you think, you pray that.
You pray that.
And visualize Buddha Amitabha right above our head.
And occasionally you can also think
that satrajana and the consciousness,
that is how I'm going to do.
Kind of rehearsing.
Rehearsing, reactivating them.
That is what we do.
That is known as the practicing,
really practicing of the poor.
Poor or practicing particularly,
making the connection to the people Buddha Amitabha.
And preparing,
task-faring the consciousness of that.
And generally in the teaching said,
that you read the books,
there's many different types of the pause.
Dharmakaya on pause.
Dharmakaya task-faring the consciousness is,
what we're doing.
Meditating on the zuk instead.
Meditating on the absolute state of nature.
That is Dharmakaya task.
In that level, there's nothing to task well,
nothing to notice,
but it's beyond all activities.
Relax.
Relax in that nature state.
It is the most powerful
poor practices.
And you can't,
not just that notion,
that traveling effort,
but you capture it.
Entire the universe.
Entire the samsara and the rata,
as building of the Buddha Amitabha.
There's no notion to need,
traveling this and that.
You are in that state.
Right there.
From there, you're going to behold every person.
And the second is sampukaya,
task-faring.
That is practicing of the visualization,
meditation.
Practical has followed the teaching,
and we can write that.
That is again, right?
Those great beings can do this right before,
the moment of death or after the death.
When they experience all those coming,
padau vivin, they come.
And then, the namaka is redirected and re-burnt.
Re-burnt.
And then after that, after we pass through,
after the padau, again redirect with your mindfulness.
Then redirect the birds,
attract the higher rank, higher status.
Those are there.
But these poor practices or this one,
immediately connected to your land,
immediately visualize the Buddha Amitabha,
and it is so powerful,
so speakerly teaching said.
It's so speakerly, so powerful,
because we are still higher.
Still, our mind is active.
And when we go to the transition
of the dissolution experience at the last moment,
sometimes our mind is not so clear,
not so strong.
Even you reverse,
even you have all the poor practices,
all that.
But due to the convergent circumstances,
sometimes there is difficulties.
But if we do always like this,
with strong devotion,
one from the point of thought,
and thinking of the Amitabha,
and thinking of all beings with that,
that will bring,
no matter whatever the situation happens,
it will take off.
It will take out.
That attitude, that energy,
so that really we can have rebirth,
or the transition is very beautiful,
and spacious.
And then all the signs,
different those in the part of those,
there are so many beautiful part of teachings,
all those things.
Poor teachings I won't go through,
but that is what practice is.
Once those are finished,
as in the teaching,
I may ask our Hindu practices,
I pray to the Buddha Amitabha,
may I actualize the practice of the poor,
or ask for the functions.
After you practice that with that connection,
and after that,
then you Amitabha again,
with that blessing,
lights came from Amitabha,
and to all the beings,
and to you,
and finally Amitabha dissolves.
Dissolve,
and that comes down to your kurong chakra,
the center channels,
and to the heart center,
and merge it with your muxing,
and then meditate,
and it's up to status.
Status.
So that is really how we do the practice of this,
this poor practices.
Now, with these practices,
again,
now once we do these practices,
then we meditate.
When meditating comes,
as the great Mahatma Mahatma body mentioned,
so many times,
then we relax,
the all inner state of the nature of the mind,
which is in the Tibetan teaching,
or the Doki terminology, nuxi.
The all inner nature of the mind,
we are going to relax.
The all inner nature of the mind is,
is free from compounding,
free from that existing,
free from the non-existing,
free from every aspect of the grasping and hope.
It's totally free.
Simple thing to tell,
this muxing is free from the grasping,
free from any reference point,
free from any focal point.
Relax on that nature.
That, that natural is open,
that natural is freedom,
that nature is infinite,
that nature is performed.
Those all the terminology we use
can explore the college of death.
But the deep, really college of this nature,
how we explore our own meditator.
Sattva, Sattva, even pristine cognition,
will only experience.
That's what it is such, the great master,
Rahul Bhaddara, said,
O, Buddha's son, Rahul Bhaddara,
praise to the mother of the old,
Buddha's, Parnya Paramata,
self as which I,
inconceivable, inexpressible,
unborn, unceasing,
natural like the sky,
it is not just then, what is this?
Nothing to do, nothing to find.
It's not.
It's only well experienced.
The practitioners,
the individual practitioners,
will experience this pristine cognition,
the awareness,
verbally experience that.
Behold that verbally, that experience.
So it is, that is the nature.
And for that reason,
in teaching user examples,
Sattva used examples as molasses
experienced by the nude persons.
Nude person cannot explain
the flavor of the molasses
or the chocolates,
but the nude person truly experiences,
truly the flavor of that,
truly experiences in the direction
directed their status.
That's how the true nature is,
not by the mundane world,
the conceptual world,
the conceptual vocabulary can put
inconceivable nature.
Even Buddha didn't produce,
only what Buddha said,
inconceivable, inexpressible,
unborn, unceasing,
all those the Buddha used for.
That is the what Maha Ramadhi wanted,
pointing out.
He said,
he should not take any misunderstanding
of any things,
those subtle mind,
and those empty,
and all these things.
It's beyond.
And we started thinking,
it's subtle mind.
Then I'm here,
great master pointed out,
many times.
And so that is the nature,
nature that we have spent.
Otherwise, we should not take
mistakenly all these different things
and purposely different things.
(speaking in foreign language)
and make their own convenience,
change the authentic teachings
and we can go wrong directions.
That's what the predicted by--